# Software-Internationalization

Assignment 2: Used VB.NET to write a complete windows application which when invoked displays the greeting "Good Day!" in either English or in the language of my assigned country (spanish/Argentina), at the user's discretion. The application's GUI displays an American flag icon, a flag icon for my assigned country's (Argentina) national flag, and an "Exit" button. When a flag icon is clicked, the corresponding greeting is displayed, and the text labeling the EXIT button changes to the appropriate language. This program uses the first localizatoin method:localizable strings are hard-coded within the VB.NET source code and localizatoin is effected by assigning the appropriate hard-coded strings to the corresponding control text properties in response to clicks on the flag icons.

Assignment 3: Used VB.NET to write a complete windows application which when invoked displays the greeting "Good Day!" in either English or in the language of my assigned country (spanish/Argentina), at the user's discretion. The application's GUI displays an American flag icon, a flag icon for my assigned country's (Argentina) national flag, and an "Exit" button. When a flag icon is clicked, the corresponding greeting is displayed, and the text labeling the EXIT button changes to the appropriate language. This program uses the second localization method: design-time localization via the localizable property. Used the Visual Studio .NET Form Designer to set the form's locaizable property to true, and tehn selected the appropriate value for the language property as I designed the GUI for each of the two languages. Performs dynamic language/region selection during program execution by assigning the current thread's UI culture property the appropriate of the two CultureInfo objects instantiated witht the corresponding standard four-character language/region indentifier pair passed as the argument to the argument to the CultureInfo constructor.

Assignment 4A: Modify the "Good Day!" program of Assignment #3 as follows: When a flag icon is clicked, the corresponding greeting (English and Spanish) is displayed, along with an image suggestive of the corresponding language/culture. This program uses the third localization method ("ResXResourceSet"-oriented). ResX files were created for each culture using a "CS 540 resX File Builder Utility" application provided by the instructor. The program uses a dynamic language/locale selectoin by assigning a "current_ResXResourceSet" pointer to the appropriate one of two ResXResourceSets each instantiated with the correspinding on of the two .resx filenames/paths as the argument to the constructor. In this implementation, image resources are not embedded directly in the .resx files.

Assignment 4B: Similar to Assignment 4A except in this implementation, the image resources are embedded directly in the .resx files.

Assignment 5: This a new version of the "Good Day!" program of Assignment #4B, in which the GUI languages are English-US and Arabic-Saudi Arabia. When a flag icon is clicked, the corresponding greeting in English (en-US) or Arabic (ar-SA) is displayed, along with a .jpg image sugestive of the corresponding language/culture. When Arabic (which is an RTL language) is selected, the GUI uses the parent form's RIGHTTOLEFTLAYOUT property, and various controls' RIGHTTOLEFT properties to produce appropriate mirroring.

Assignment 6: Using VB.NET, this applicaiton displays the current date and time in long-date-long-time format, together with the current number and dollar value of fish tacos Rubio's has sold to date. These displays must be dynamic - the displayed current date and time, taco count and dollar value updates continuously and correctly with advancing time. For this assignment we assumed that the cost of a fish taco is $4.29, and that as of midnight on january 1, 2016, Rubio's had sold 63,417 fish tacos world wide. we assumed that thereafter, Rubio's sold fish tacos at a constant rate of 600 tacos per minute worldwide. This assignment allowed us to create new culture (Disneyland) following the specifications of the instructor on currency value and format and integer format.


